Welcome back for another 5 minute movie recap.
Today, I'm going to give
you an overview of the 2020
American horror thriller film called 'The Hunt'.
There will be Spoilers ahead,
so please proceed with caution.
Athena Stone mentions an impending search
for deplorables at a mansion in a group text
('Manorgate'). She murders a guy who staggers out
of the cargo hold later aboard her private plane.
Eleven prisoners awake in a jungle, gagged and
ready for the hunt. They discover a stockpile of
weapons and keys to their gags in a clearing, but
five of them are murdered by an unknown adversary
while obtaining them. Three prisoners make their
way to a service station across a barbed-wire
fence. The station's proprietors, an elderly
couple named Miranda 'Ma' and Julius 'Pop,' state
that they are from Arkansas. The three abducted
Americans, each from a different region of the
country, realise how similar their predicament
is to the 'Manorgate' conspiracy theory.
One of the three eats a poisoned doughnut and
passes out, while Ma and Pop (who are among the
captors' ranks) use poison gas to murder a second
and a sawed-off shotgun blast to kill the third.
They then clean up the station in
preparation for the next visitor.
Crystal Creasey, an army veteran, is the fourth
prisoner to arrive. She strikes up a discussion
with Ma and Pop, asking for cigarettes and their
whereabouts, which makes the latter uneasy.
Crystal then assaults the couple and
murders them with the sawed-off shotgun
they had hidden behind the counter, revealing
that the smokes were too pricey for Arkansas.
She discovers a Croatian licence
plate behind a false Arkansas plate,
as well as a booby-trap attached to the driver's
door, when she inspects the pickup truck outside.
She subsequently meets up with another
prisoner, Gary, a conspiracy theorist podcaster,
and advises him against stealing the truck.
They board a railway car full of refugees Gary
suspects of being crisis actors, and the
train is soon stormed by Croatian forces.
When Gary attempts to persuade the troops
of Manorgate and the refugees' deception,
a refugee named 'Crisis Mike' reveals to Gary that
he and only he is an actor and one of the hunters,
but that the attack was unplanned and offers Gary
a head start in exchange for his cooperation.
Gary kills the actor with a grenade he had hidden,
and Crystal is transported to a refugee camp.
At the camp, Crystal encounters Don, another
freed prisoner. Oliver, a U.S. Embassy ambassador
in Zagreb, comes to transport them to the embassy.
Oliver questions why they were chosen for the hunt
on the way there. Crystal, suspicious, yanks
Oliver from the automobile and runs him over.
Gary's body is discovered in the trunk, along
with a package labelled 'bribe money' and a map.
One of the hunters was the phoney envoy. The
Jackrabbit and the Box Turtle is a variation of
The Tortoise and the Hare in which the Jackrabbit
kills the Box Turtle after losing. Crystal kills
the hunters she discovers and wounds their
tactical consultant Sgt. Dale near the envoy's
intended location (which is shown to be close to
where the prisoners first discovered the weapons
cache and were subsequently slain). Don is asked
if he killed Crystal by Athena over the radio.
Don is killed by Crystal after he refuses
to disarm and points his revolver at her.
Crystal tortures and murders Sgt. Dale
in order to learn where Athena is.
Athena's group text conversation was
a prank, according to a flashback.
It was, however, released on the internet,
causing a stir over 'Manorgate.' As a result,
the participants in the group text, whose jobs
have been wrecked, resolve to make Manorgate a
reality. They kidnapped persons who shared and
created Manorgate-related internet content.
Athena is outraged by a social media post Crystal
made about her, and she insists on being included,
dubbing her 'Snowball.' Athena mocks Crystal's
personal past when Crystal confronts her.
Crystal informs Athena that she had mistaken
her for another Crystal from her village,
but her middle name is May, not Mae.
Crystal and Athena battle for a long time,
finally impaling each other on the two
blades of a food processor; Athena dies,
but Crystal finds a new lease on life when she
sees a jackrabbit emerge beside Athena's body.
She cauterises her wound, dresses up as Athena,
gets Athena's dog, and boards her private plane.
If you like this movie, click the link in
the description below to watch it today.
I hope you have enjoyed this video. Hit the
like button and subscribe for more videos.
Have a great day ahead.